The Soundstage Sessions is the tenth album released by the American singer-songwriter and Fleetwood Mac vocalist Stevie Nicks. Although it is the first live album of Nicks' solo career, it was produced to sound like a studio album. Album Information The Soundstage Sessions was recorded in October 2007 before an intimate audience at WTTW's Grainger Studio in Chicago, with the set list containing 18 songs. In early 2008, Nicks went to Nashville and entered the studio with director/producer Joe Thomas. In the studio, they added "Nashville strings" and additional vocals to the songs that were to go on the CD. Nicks wanted the CD to sound perfect, and when asked about the project has said "I am as proud of this as anything I’ve ever done in my entire career." Track listing Standard Edition "Stand Back" (Stevie Nicks)Š– 4:40 "Crash Into Me" (Dave Matthews)Š– 5:33 "Sara" (Nicks)Š– 6:56 "If Anyone Falls in Love" (Nicks, Sandy Stewart)Š– 4:11 "Landslide" (Orchestra version) (Nicks)Š– 4:20 "How Still My Love" (Nicks)Š– 7:34 "Circle Dance" (Duet with Vanessa Carlton) (Bonnie Raitt)Š– 4:14 "Fall From Grace" (Nicks)Š– 4:35 "Sorcerer" (Nicks)Š– 5:00 "Beauty and the Beast" (Nicks)Š– 7:14 Amazon Mp3 Edition "Enchanted" (Nicks)Š– 3:14 iTunes Edition "Gold Dust Woman" (Nicks)Š– 10:07 "Edge of Seventeen" (Nicks)Š– 12:33 Deluxe Edition Reprise Records released a Deluxe Edition exclusively through the Warner Bros. Records Store, which is called The Soundstage Sessions: Live in Chicago. The Deluxe Edition is a CD/DVD set, and includes new cover art, a lithograph of Nicks, and free mp3 downloads of "Rhiannon" and "The One". Standard and Blu-Ray DVD The Blu-Ray DVD of this performance has been available exclusively at Sears since December 1st, 2008 and features a total of 16 tracks in high-definition. The standard edition DVD of this performance was released by Reprise Records as Live In Chicago. Personnel Main Performers Stevie Nicks - vocals, producer Vanessa Carlton - guest performer Sharon Celani - backup vocals Lori Nicks - backup vocals Jana Anderson - backup vocals Production Joe Thomas - producer Waddy Wachtel - producer Frank Pappalardo - engineering Michael Czaszwicz - assistant engineering Patrick DeWitte - assistant engineering Mixed at HD Ready, St. Charles Musicians Waddy Wachtel - musical director/guitar Lenny Castro - percussion Al Ortiz - bass Jimmy Paxson - drums Ricky Peterson - keyboards Carlos Rios - guitar Darrell Smith - keyboards String Section Eric Roth - conductor Janice MacDonald - flute Deb Stevenson - oboe Greg Flint - horn Christine Worthing - horn Guillaume Combet - violin Jennifer Cappelli - violin Carmen Llop-Kassinger - violin Christine Keiko Abe - violin Carol Cook - viola Jocelyn Davis-Beck - cello Eddie Bayers - drums Michael Rhodes - bass Joe Thomas - keyboards Charts Chart (2009) Peak position U.S. Billboard 200 47 U.S. Billboard Top Current Rock Albums 15 U.S. Billboard Top Digital Albums 55 U.S. Billboard Top Internet Albums 5 References External links